Add docs for `browserSessionIntegration` and `trackIncomingRequestsAsSessions` as alternative to `autoSessionTracking` in JS SDKs (#12056)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/common/configuration/options.mdx

Sets the release. Some SDKs will try to automatically configure a release out of the box but it's a better idea to manually set it to guarantee that the release is in sync with your deploy integrations or source map uploads. Release names are strings, but some formats are detected by Sentry and might be rendered differently. Learn more about how to send release data so Sentry can tell you about regressions between releases and identify the potential source in [the releases documentation](/product/releases/) or the <SandboxLink scenario="releases">sandbox</SandboxLink>.

<PlatformCategorySection supported={["server", "serverless"]}>

>   By default the SDK will try to read this value from the `SENTRY_RELEASE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, the SDK will try to read this value from the `SENTRY_RELEASE`
```

  environment variable.
</PlatformCategorySection>

<PlatformCategorySection supported={["browser"]}>

>   By default the SDK will try to read this value from `window.SENTRY_RELEASE.id`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, the SDK will try to read this value from `window.SENTRY_RELEASE.id`
```

<PlatformCategorySection supported={['server', 'serverless']}>
<ConfigKey name="server-name">

> This option can be used to supply a "server name." When provided, the name of the server is sent along and persisted in the event. For many integrations, the server name actually corresponds to the device hostname, even in situations where the machine is not actually a server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option allows you to specify a "server name," which will be included and stored in the event data. In many integrations, the server name corresponds to the device hostname, even if the machine isn't actually a server.
```

Author: unrelated to this PR

Defaults to `true`. When set to `true`, the SDK will send session events to Sentry. This is supported in all browser SDKs, emitting one session per pageload and page navigation to Sentry. In mobile SDKs, when the app goes to the background for longer than 30 seconds, sessions are ended.

<Alert title="Deprecation Notice">

{/* We don't use platform links here because we always have to link to node and browser here and doing a conditional just for that feels overkill. */}

> 
> The `autoSessionTracking` option is deprecated from SDK version `8.43.0` onwards.
> Instead, use the [BrowserSession integration](/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/browsersession/) for the Browser and the [Http integration](/platforms/javascript/guides/node/configuration/integrations/http/) (via the `trackIncomingRequestsAsSessions` option) for the Node.js runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with SDK version 8.43.0 and up, the `autoSessionTracking` option has been deprecated. You can use the [BrowserSession integration](/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/browsersession/) in browser environments and the [Http integration](/platforms/javascript/guides/node/configuration/integrations/http/) (via the `trackIncomingRequestsAsSessions` option) in Node.js runtime.
```
